And to wrap things up,
you have finished the course.
You now have a pretty
complete foundation for
what you need to continue on your Python
journey no matter what your passion is.
Next steps, if you want to stay in touch,
if you enjoyed the course,
I would love to hear from you.
I'm most active on Twitter,
sometimes I blog,
sometimes I stream on Twitch, but
you can follow me on Twitter @nnja, or
watch my other courses
on Frontend Masters.
And I have a bunch of links for
you here for continuing your journey,
the basics, some more links about
web development and Django.
Some information about AI and
machine learning and data processing.
But most importantly, I think,
is the Python community.
There are lots of local user groups
worldwide that are listed in the Wiki.
There's a Python discord with
a 100,000 developers on it.
There are tons of supportive
groups out there for
women and non-binary developers,
like I mentioned earlier, PyLadies and
Django Girls, and the Python
community would love to have you.
So congratulations for
finishing practical Python.
Feel free to give yourselves
a round of applause.
You all did a great job and I hope
that you continue your Python journey.
Are there any questions?
I know.
[LAUGH] someone in chat just went.
[LAUGH] This course was head explode-y?
Yeah, you all learned a lot.
You really, I think, have a lot of the
foundational knowledge you need to write
Python apps or
most importantly, read them.
You know about the tools and
the skills that you need to work on
Python projects successfully on a team.
So you have it all and
I hope to see you succeed.
I hope to read some of your
Python programs one day.